Dabuyou
Dabuyou Hast
Towards the main gate
Kaisi Ouste
Sogdian
It says there's a ghost
Someone has died
Let's go
Make way, make way.
Guiyi, take my waist token.
Ride fast to the Magistrate's office.
Have the County Magistrate come see me immediately.
Yes, sir.
Who discovered the body?
I did.
Me.
You found a dead body.
Why did you shout that there was a ghost?
The oil lamp.
The oil lamp went out.
There's a ghost!
My Lord.
You may not know this.
Here in Wanling County...
The lamp must not go out.
Once the lamp goes out...
...the ghost comes.
If you ask me...
Perhaps he was possessed by a ghost.
Nonsense.
This man's tongue is not protruding.
It is not the sign of death by hanging.
Instead, his windpipe was crushed by great force.
Then he was hung on the door.
This was the work of a human.
I...
I wouldn't dare speak nonsense.
If My Lord does not believe me...
Feel free to investigate.
I heard that in Wanling Township...
...several people have already died.
Make way.
Your subordinate did not know the Acting Vice Minister was coming.
Forgive me for not welcoming you.
In Wanling Township, when the light goes out, the ghost appears.
And several people have died.
Is this true?
It is indeed true.
Have you determined the cause?
Answering My Lord...
Not yet.
Not yet?
Several lives have been lost.
As the head of a county, you have the nerve to say "not yet"?
Wanling Township suddenly encountered ghosts.
Your subordinate has tried his best to investigate the cause.
But...
My ability is truly limited.
Limited ability, or cowardice?
Or do you not value the lives of the common people?
Your subordinate accepts the blame.
I will immediately order men to investigate.
Everyone who passed through the Ten Thousand Nations Inn yesterday.
Merchants and commoners alike, register them all.
Also...
You there.
Close all city gates immediately.
Thoroughly investigate all suspicious persons.
There are no eyewitnesses.
There is no physical evidence.
Even if you check those entering the Inn, what use is it?
Besides, this isn't the first case.
The culprit has no intention of fleeing.
What is the use of closing the city gates?
Then what should your subordinate do?
Please instruct me, My Lord.
Start investigating from him.
Him?
The haunting at the Ten Thousand Nations Inn...
...is essentially...
...to rob passing merchants of their goods.
What goods the passing merchants carry...
...he knows best.
Now, whether he was murdered...
...or silenced...
...we must start investigating him first.
Magistrate Sun.
Go and do it.
Regarding this man...
...no matter how small the detail...
...investigate everything.
If you do it well...
...you can make amends for your faults.
Your subordinate understands.
Guiyi.
Go to the county seat immediately.
Check against the registered goods from the Ten Thousand Nations Inn.
Find out if any lost goods have flowed into the market.
If so...
...flush out the people trading behind the scenes.
Yes.
Shentu.
You and I will go to Wanling Township.
To see who is playing ghost behind the scenes.
Shopkeeper!
Pawning something?
What is the guest pawning?
A celadon-glazed leather flask.
Western Region goods again.
This item of yours...
To me, it looks like the same batch as before.
Old shopkeeper, what do you mean?
You hold this item, Little Lady,
yet ask me what I mean.
Are you mocking this old man?
I truly do not know.
These days,
people keep bringing in Western Region items.
Gems, crystals, agate, Persian brocade, gold and silver ware.
And some worthless spices.
All to pawn for money.
No.
They don't seek a high price.
They just want me
to give them ready cash.
If you wish to pawn this, Little Lady,
I must explain the interest clearly.
If selling,
the price
won't be high.
Please, Shopkeeper,
take these Western Region goods
and bring them all out
for me to see.
I run a business here...
Are you trying to cause trouble...
My Lord.
Please follow me.
I must also trouble you, Shopkeeper,
to send your shop assistants
to summon all the pawnshop keepers in the county,
and bring the items.
Understood.
My Lord.
Please wait a moment.
Persian brocade.
Received seven days ago.
Who was the seller?
I didn't know him, and he didn't say.
Who received this flask?
Me.
I received it.
On what day?
Who was the seller?
About half a month ago.
I didn't know the seller either.
My Lord,
these people selling Western goods
might be from Wanling Township.
How do you know?
My legs aren't very good.
That day when I received this agate,
I was slow in fetching the money,
so they rushed me.
When the two left the shop,
they said if they were late,
they wouldn't make it back to light the lamps.
That must be Wanling Township.
No mistake.
Nowadays in Xianyang City,
who doesn't know Wanling Township is haunted?
I heard their township lights must not go out.
Even during the day,
the oil lamps must be kept burning.
Old man,
did you add enough lamp oil?
You rest easy tonight.
I'll keep watch tonight.
Old man.
I heard that last night,
Shen Qinghai died.
Yes.
How did he die?
How else could he die?
The light went out.
Old man.
Counting Shen Qinghai,
five or six have died.
Do you think this is related to what happened back then?
Don't talk nonsense.
Go to sleep.
Oh no.
Old man!
What is it?
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay, it's okay. The light is on.
The light is on.